Wouldn't it be nice if you had this
big object here of me, all right?
That has my name and
location, a street address.
I definitely do live on 500
Fakes street in Seattle.
If I could make a function on there
that would nicely print out the shipping
address, all right?
So that's what this getAddress
function will do for us, all right?
Let's actually make this
a little just a tiny bit clearer.
So first name, last name, all right?
streetNumber, street, city,
state, zipCode, and country.
This is obviously very US-centric,
but it's what I know.
[LAUGH] I don't send too many
letters to Thailand, for example.
So let's talk Ia second about,
I have this object, me, all right?
And I'm trying to write a function that
pulls out information that exists on
the object that it was created on,
all right?
So I have this getAddress function so that
I can call me.getAddress here, all right?
How do I refer to other parts of
the object, of the object that I'm on?
This.
That's what this is right here.
So I say this.name.first, all right?
The this refers to me, all right?
So it would be saying,
if I'm doing this.name.first,
It would be like the same thing of here
as doing me.name.first, all right?
So that's what this does is it refers to
the object that you're on at the moment.
This is called context, all right?
In this case,
it's relatively straightforward
that this.name comes from
the same object that it's on, but
I'll tell you that it's very
easy to muddy the waters here.
[LAUGH] I don't really wanna get into
the crazy depth of what how bent out
of shape you can make this,
but yeah, this is good, yeah.
Question?
Yeah, are these classes
that you're creating and
then calling whenever you see the dots and
the colons?
I guess The dots and the colons.
Okay, so- Are you making a class?
I don't know.
You are on the right track for sure.
We're in the same realm of information.
So class is a really loaded word, and
it depends on which language
you're talking about.
I'm assuming it's more of a Java context
that you're talking about classes with,
but I could apply it.
I think JavaScript has classes.
It does.
You can do it.
Maybe I am thinking about Java, okay?
So no, totally, okay?
We'll demystify it a little bit,
cuz I'm sure someone else is
wondering the same thing.
It's a good question.
I don't really wanna get
too much into classes, but
you can say class Car, all right?
And it can have a go function, all right?
You're creating a type of object.
It's like a blueprint for an object.
If I wanted a car,
I would have to say const,
I don't know,
civic = new Car( ) like this.
And you have to use this new thing
here to get the actual civic.
This would be a now an object
that has a go function on it.
Okay.
Yeah.
On it, I think, yeah, I understand.
So this civic that you would get would
end up being an object just like this
one, all right?
This one we're just directly creating
an object without creating a class in
between it.
Okay.
Yeah,
if all this was gibberish to that I just
said go and ignore it because JavaScript
is not programmed like you program
Java and some of those other more.
They're called object-oriented
programming models.
You can and I'm imploring you to not.
It's not a good way to write JavaScript.
I'm not saying that there's anything
wrong with doing that in Java or
anything like that.
It's just JavaScript is not built for
object oriented programming,
the way that Java is.
So very similar to a class,
it's just an instance of the class or
it's just an object, okay?
Okay, back to this.
Yeah, you can really
bend this out of shape,
it becomes important of where you call.
So here, I say me.getAddress,
so I'm calling it off of me,
which means that this here ends
up being correct, all right?
So you end up seeing here, I get
the correct address out here at the end.
I just wanna show you how this can break.
If I say const func, let's just call it,
what do I call it here?
getAddress.
PulledOut, getAddress = me.getAddress.
So what I've done is I now have this
function here that I pulled out of it,
all right?
I pulled it out of the me function here,
And now I think if I call
console.log(pulledOutGetAddress) and
I invoke that.
Undefined, undefined, undefined,
undefined, undefined,
undefined, all right?
It's not bound to this me, all right?
So when you call this here, it doesn't
know what you're looking for, all right?
So it matters how you call the function.
Super weird, I don't really
expect you to remember this, but
I want you to know that
there are dangers with this.
Again, there are entire
courses on the topic.
Definitely check out the JavaScript
learning path in front of masters.
This will get into a lot of
depth of what context can be.
And they love to ask junior
developers these questions when they
do job interviews.
So it's worth your time to invest in
figuring out how context works in a bunch
of different lights.
I could spend the next two hours explain
two ways to bend this and break this.
I don't think that's beneficial
to you right now in your journey.
So I just want you to know it's out there,
it exists, it can break.
But just know that it
matters how you call it.
Yeah, I'm gonna hand wave away the rest
of this conversation because I
don't think it's useful for
us to get into a lot of depth here.
Because it's either we go way deep in
this and spend another hour on it,
or we keep going and
just accept that this is complicated.
Is that okay?
I don't think it's useful
to go any deeper than that.
But you don't change the me.getAddress
to this get.Address, can it work then?
Isn't that still calling me?
If I say, down here.
Or where you have the pulled out,
getAddress where it says
me if you just do this.
So good question.
What is this here?
What does this refer to?
It's outside of the bracket.
Yeah.
So question mark.
It's probably window.
I'm gonna guess.
Yeah.
Yeah, we can get rid of this.
Object window.
What is window?
Window is the overarching
context that everything runs in.
So you can say.
So for example,
when you call math like this,
it's actually technically
calling window.math.
Match math.
So all those unprefixed globally available
objects are technically on window.
It's just implied when
you don't put it there.
So that's what this is, all right?
If I say this here, it's window.
Okay.
So that's why it's called context.
It's super contextual
about where you call this.
And it's important that you know that
it's out there what this is because it's
everywhere.
You're definitely gonna see it in lots and
lots of places.
But you need to be super
careful about what this is.
So anytime that you see this,
I want you to stare at it as like,
okay, what is this right now?
Well, I mean,
I made a really good point here.
This is running the same code twice, but
this is different, and
it's the exact same code, but
where it's called makes this different,
which is weird, all right?
It just matters of where it's called.
Yeah, cool.
We'll leave it at that.
You can actually fix this so
it actually pulled out.
It would work.
I hesitate to show you, but let's do it.
.bind(me).
And this would have to be me.
Because I call this .bind,
which is a function built onto functions,
which I understand sounds
a little strange, but
functions have built-ins as well,
all right?
By calling .bind on this, I am now
grafting these two together permanently,
all right?
So now whenever you call
pulled out getAddress,
you're saying this is always
going to refer to the me object.
And now it works, continually it's fine.
That's what this bind thing does.
There's other ways to fix it,
but we'll leave it at that.
That's fine.
That works for now.
But yeah, that's what bind is for.
Bind is for
changing the context of something.
If you want to change what me is.
If you had something else where
you had a different object,
you could absolutely use bind
to mess with what this is.
At this point, you're in some meta-level
programming that I don't see.
You're in a special hell that I do not
suggest you get yourself into, all right?
For the most part, this can be avoided
by just not relying on this, and
particularly on the changing
context of what this can be.
This goes back to don't
write too clever of code.
Just because you can,
doesn't mean you should.
Okay, questions about that?
Does that make sense?
I've drawn a circle around this context
black box that if you wanna peek
into Pandora's box, again,
check out front of masters courses.
I imagine it's probably one of
Kyle Simpson's courses that deals with
context and depth.
So definitely check that out.
You'll get on if you're on
the JavaScript learning path.
And again, if you're trying to go out and
interview for junior developer jobs,
it's definitely one more study because
they love to ask that question.
They'll do something like.
What is this log right here?
And they won't show you the results,
they'll just show you the code here and
what will you see if you do this?
And you'll have to say, well,
it'll be a bunch of undefined.
So, okay, how would you fix it?
Blah, blah, all stuff like that, okay?
So this goes into what we
were talking about earlier.
What is this outside of anything?
It's this thing called window.
Window is this overarching context
that everything executes in.
If something doesn't have a context,
its context is window.
So, for example, there's things onto
window, we saw math, we saw console.
Console is built on the window as well.
So when I say, console.log, all right?
You're actually saying window.console.log,
all right?
Or there's scrollY.
So right now,
all these code snippets execute
immediately when you load the page.
So if I change this, this will actually be
what my scroll position is on the page,
how far I've scrolled
down in the Y direction.
So if I scroll up and change it again.
Notice that it changes.
Or if I scroll down again, up.
But if I don't scroll,
it just ends up being the same, all right?
There's lots of things on the window.
There's also scrollX, see my direction.
But as you probably imagine, I'm not
scrolled in any direction because this
page doesn't let you scroll side to side.
You could also do totally.
I'm pretty sure.
(scrolly) like this, so all of these
three things are exactly the same.
Question about window.
Only applies in the browser, by the way.
If you ever start working in Node.js,
which is JavaScript on the back end.
Whole course on that from
Scott Moss from front end masters.
Window doesn't exist.
For most of you taking this course,
you are focusing on front end development,
all right?
Which means that you'll always
have window available, allright?
But something to keep in
the back of your mind.
Generally, a good rule of thumb is that
if you're inside of an object and you're
working on some sort of object, this will
be the object that you're working on.
So a good example is like
the me object up here.
This is gonna generally refer to
the object that I'm working on,
which will be the me object
at this moment, all right?
So that's one thing.
If you're working outside of that,
probably going to be window.
Where it gets really dicey is where you're
invoking functions that you've pulled
out of other objects, or things like that.
That Make the context change unexpectedly
would be a good way of putting that.
Makes sense?
Cool.
I think I've given you enough context for
you to be aware of what this is.
For the most part,
you don't really need to use it too much.
But I do want to introduce it to
because you'll see it in code samples.
Or if you start writing things like React,
which is like a framework for
JavaScript, it'll use this in places and
you'll see it,
so I just want you to be aware of what
it is and how to learn more about it.
And I left a link here to one
of Kyle's Simpsons courses,
where he talks more in depth on it.